2021 annual report process updates and formatting (#5388)
kubernetes/community: committee-steering/governance/annual-reports.md

## Reporting Process  

Chairs and Organizers are responsible for compiling a yearly public report but
may be completed with the help of members of that group. Groups are encouraged
to make this an agenda item of topic to discuss together. Chairs and Organizers
ensure that reports are complete, accurate, and submitted to the Steering
Committee.

### 2021 and on:
1. Steering Committee liaison reaches out to group leads to kick off
2. Chairs/Organizers will:
- share with their groups (see tips below) and begin to 
compile the doc due at the end of February 
- use this [question template]
- submit a pull request to the groups documentation in the community repo
- if there are private matters to address with Steering before submitting the 
pull request, share a copy with your laison and wait until comments are
addressed before submitting.

> 3. The March Chairs, Tech Leads, and Organizers meetings will be used as follow 

Reviewer: I spent a minute trying to figure out what "March Chairs" were... :-P

maybe `The March "Chairs, Tech Leads, and Organizers" meetings...`?

up for the community groups that have questions from/to Steering and a 
retrospective
4. The Steering Committee liaison will work directly with groups that have 
follow up items and update Steering during regular monthly meetings. The liaison

> will also coordinate time to follow up with the chairs on their individual roles

Reviewer: is this follow-up intended to be per group or per person? just chairs or also tech leads? for scale, these are my counts for each of those:
- ~6 groups
- ~14 chairs
- ~19 chairs+tech leads

We'd like to hear about the following:  
- goals you have for the group, your experience in the role so far - challenges,
 wins, things you didn’t know before but wish you did, 

> - continue in the role or help finding a replacement, 

Reviewer: > help finding a replacement

seems like the best group to do this would be the sig/wg itself, rather than steering

of being more explict than using our upstream shorthand or abbreviations. 
- If the report is submitted with private matters before the PR, until Steering 
reviews and follows; however, please include any and all explicit
private matters between [private] tags [/private].   
- The [question template] can be forked into whatever medium you wish to
collaborate with your community: gdocs, hackmd, etc - it will all land back into
a pull request at the end. 

## Questions for report:

#### Special Interest Groups:
##### Operational 
- How are you doing with operational tasks in [SIG]-governance.md?
  - Is your README accurate? have a CONTRIBUTING.md file?
  - All subprojects correctly mapped and listed in sigs.yaml?
  - What’s your meeting culture? Large/small, active/quiet, learnings? Meeting 
  notes up to date? Are you keeping recordings up to date/trends in community 
  members watching recordings?
- How does the group get updates, reports, or feedback from subprojects? Are 
there any springing up or being retired? Are OWNERS.md files up to date in these
 areas?
- Same question as above but for working groups.

> - When was your last monthly community-wide update? (provide link to deck and/or

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When was your last public community update? (provide link to deck and/or
```
hm..I think the original language here is appropriate if we still want to have things like presentations at kubecon count.

What are some activities that the group does to encourage this? What programs
are you participating in to grow contributors throughout the contributor ladder?
- What programs do you participate in for new contributors?
- Does the group have contributors from multiple companies/affiliations? Can end
 users/companies contribute in some way that they currently are not?

##### Current initiatives and project health
- What are initiatives that should be highlighted, lauded, shout outs, that
your group is proud of? Currently underway? What are some of the longer tail
projects that your group is working on?

> - Year to date KEP work: What's now stable? Beta? Alpha? Road to alpha?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Year to date KEP or initiative work: What's now stable? Beta? Alpha? or rolled out some other method?
```
There might be better wording, but just thinking about trying to capture other initiatives that might not be tracked in KEP form. Some of the cross-cutting work by contribex/arch/testing I think would fall under that category.

Author: wdyt about this under the KEP q:
> What initiatives are you working on that aren't being tracked in KEPs?

Reviewer 2: SGTM

- What areas and/or subprojects does the group need the most help with?
- Whats the average open days of a PR and Issue in your group? / What metrics 

> does your group care about and/or measure?   

Reviewer 2: This is still somewhat rough to tease out of devstats. the repo group breakdown instead of by sig makes it difficult to pull accurate stats =/ This is something I'm hoping to see change, but it might not be ready for reports.

We may want to either reword this along the lines of "Does your group keep track of open issues/PRs? - If so, can you link any dashboards or data?"

Author: I took it off completely but left the last line asking about what metrics they do track and examples; wdyt?

Reviewer 2: that works 👍
